Laura/studio update (#973)
elevenlabs/elevenlabs-docs: fern/docs/pages/product-guides/products/studio.mdx

{' '}

<Accordion title="Chapters sidebar">
  #### Chapters sidebar

>   When you create a Studio project using the **Create an audiobook** option and import a document that includes chapters, chapters will be automatically enabled for your project, and you can toggle the visibility of the Chapters sidebar by clicking **Chapters**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When you create a Studio project using the **Create an audiobook** option and import a document that includes chapters, chapters will be automatically enabled for your project. You can toggle the visibility of the Chapters sidebar by clicking **Chapters**.
```

> {' '}

Reviewer: Can we get rid of these artifacts please

Author: Done!

<Accordion title="Generation history">
  #### Generation history

{' '}

<Frame background="subtle">
  ![Generation History
  button](/assets/images/product-guides/studio/studio-generation-history-btn.webp)
</Frame>

If you click the **Generation history** button, this will show all the previously generated audio
for the selected paragraph. This allows you to listen to and download each individual generation.

{' '}

<Frame background="subtle">
  ![Generation History](/assets/images/product-guides/studio/studio-generation-history.webp)
</Frame>

> If you prefer an earlier version of the paragraph, you can restore it, and it will then become the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer an earlier version of a paragraph, you can restore it to that previous version.
```

> version that is used in your project. You can also remove generations, but be aware that if you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also remove generations, but be aware that if you
```
